well actually not get it wet Wow amazing
it's just like magic like it's actually
got like the whole soul in that my feet
are dry I like that look at that oh my
god like what all dry Oh dry this is all
dry look at that look at that
that's crazy it came up all the way to
here like all of this was underwater you
can even see the line from where it was
underwater hello everybody my name is
Gizzi welcome back to a brand new video
and I'm so so so so so excited to bring
guys this video it's the best thing
that's probably ever happened to me
besides some million subscribers meeting
you guys conventions visa food la top 3
top 3 I am now sponsored by converse and
you just missed a clap at that point ok
thank you thank you
so what they're basically doing is
they've gave me two shoes to show you
guys the best things about them and I'm
so excited actually wore them out and
they're actually really good and I'm not
just saying that what I was paid to so
converse has paid me to make this video
about these two new shoes that they
recently brought out and I'm going to be
going to PAX West with Converse they pay
for my travel and accommodation and they
give me the shoes to promote at PAX West
so you're gonna max West makes you feel
free to put on my shoes and say well gee
they're cool or whatever they've also
given me in packs of us badge as well so
I could attend the convention it's will
be a lot of fun I'm super excited if you
go to pax wise please make sure you let
me know and say hi if you see me yes I
have received both sneakers for free
from converse to promote to you guys so
I can make this video its lot of fun and
I'm gonna go over some basic points
about these cool shoes that you should
definitely check out which will be
linked down below by the way so this is
the Chuck to shield canvas which contest
just released this one has all the
features of the Chuck - which came out
last year that I also unboxed but has
the added benefit of being water
resistant I've tested out it's the
it actually works actually not getting
wet
wow I'm actually surprised they might be
I actually try I don't want to put them
in all the way but ask them like a
puddle size this is great like if you
stand in a really big puddle or to get
your feet wet
now with issues like it's actually got
like the whole soul in I think that
might be a dry
what up well look at that look at that
oh my god like what the other pair that
was given are not water resistant they
are called the Chuck twos and the
difference between the two
they're like similar design and Chuck
twos but the chuck to shield canvas with
the one in the video with the orange
they're the ones built ready for wet and
radiant bitches again the shield canvas
shoes the Chuck to shield canvas they're
water resistant not waterproof so try
not to dump him in a big pool like I did
for more information about these shoes
you can click the links down below and
thanks so much watching this video
please be sure you check out these shoes
they're really great and if you go to
pax West please let me know so I can see
you there this could be a lot of fun so
game but I always guys thank you so much
for watching and I'll see you on the
next video and until then please down
come on
[Applause]
[Music]